my family take a look around here mr.
Wayne each and every one of these people
are here because they serve a purpose
there's no room here for non-essential
personnel you want to help your family
let's figure out how we stop this it's
your choice mr. light that's in front of
you should wake up embarrassed hey I'm
our New Age philosophy major excited to
live with you and laugh with you and cry
with you volume I like to keep a dream
journal and get me out right let's Puma
oh god oh wait I'm not given orally I
can't lift him up once more he lived him
let my son just tuck your head and relax
your body
you've been recruited by a top-secret
agency to go undercover and save the
world you're gonna be a spy ah hi baby
cruise back in the game with gadgets and
weapons and cool car y'all deal awesome
are you really gonna save the world yes
yes I